Dialect
Go and prepare some food for the lady
He spent a few days in the hospital
You don't need to lose weight.
I don't want to eat it.
Leave me alone in the room
You want to go on a hunger strike?
Starve yourself to death?
You can also let me go
At least
We can all be at peace
You just want to leave?
Look at you now
Can you take care of him?
Don't you care if this kid dies?
Of course I care
But what could I do?
Did I give birth to him?
Become an instrument of revenge between the two of us
Or let him be like me
Tied to you for a lifetime
From now on
You can go out anytime.
But someone has to follow
I turned too far
Fu Yuanchuan, are you treating me like a dog?
You need to tie a rope to rest assured.
You know I don't like to hear that
good boy
As long as you give birth to this child well
I will set you free
Are you really willing to let me go?